Infosys:
how to make angular app secure
what is segment in angular
http interceptor
pre-processor? diff between scss and less
web workers html5
angular 2 https
how to deploy service on server and how to call it
why angular 2 why not 1
angular cli
diff between xml and json
restfull web service
Global error handling in angular 2

**JS
Spread operator 
Array map
Promises 
Difference between new constuctor fun and Object.create
Design pattern 
difference between module and singleton design pattern
How to add custom events in JS
How inheritance works in JS

**Angular 1
Components in Angular 1.5 
Dependency injection
What if I use same service in two controller is it work as singleton or not
What is Transclude
Unit testing in angular 1
stateProvider vs routeProvider
How to achieve promises in angular 1
types of directives in angular 1

**Angular 2
Observables in angular 2
Zonejs in angular 2
Tools for unit testing in angular 2
Custom directives
Custom pipes
How lazy loading works in angular 2
Rxjs operators in angular 2
How to iterate array in angular 2
ngIf vs ngShow in angular 2
what is karma and jasmine in angular 2
Communication between two component if there is no parent child relationship
forRoot and forChild

**CSS
Position
how to set expiration date in session storage and localstorage
Difference between media quary and bootstrap
pseudo classes in css
Grid system of bootstrap
Offset in bootstrap

Finally the moment has come.. it’s been 2 years 5 months since my first day in Cybage. Yes.. Today is my last working day at Cybage. End of a memorable journey with you all.

Cybage will always have a very special place in the timeline of life. So thank you Cybage, For everything,  giving me an opportunity for becoming a “Professional” . It’s being a wonderful 2.5 glorious years. A very good Learning experience.
Special thanks to My Managers(Sanchit, Pranav, Darshan) and Seniors (Aditi, Amol, Prabir, Suvarna , Jasraj,  Pradeep, Prashant, Santosh, Sachin). 

Everyone across the Cybage, whom I proudly call my ‘Friend’ (Subrat, Aditi, Kalyani(KK), Kriti, Mayuresh, Vishal, Abhishek, Akash, Sachin Patil, Shreya, Asim, Sonam, Pallavi) – no words are sufficient enough to describe my gratitude towards you fellows. I would just like to say, ‘THANK YOU’. There was something to learn from each and every one of you. Needless to say, I’ll miss this place. My sincere apologies to people whom I’ve hurt knowingly or unknowingly!

I can be contacted by either of the following ways, I would love to hear from you. Please update your contacts list with the following details –

Chat / Email : 01valurathod@gmail.com
Call / WhatsApp : 9021134459

Take care… I wish you all the very best fortunes for all the ongoing and forthcoming endeavors of life.
I would rather say “keep in touch” than “goodbye”! 

